Feature/font centering (#200)
gsoft-inc/wl-hopper: apps/docs/content/tokens/semantic/typography.mdx

When aligning different text boxes together horizontally, use their baselines as a guide instead of their true center for a more harmonious look.

## Typefaces

Hopper uses two main typefaces: *[Inter](https://rsms.me/inter/)* and *[ABC Favorit](https://abcdinamo.com/typefaces/favorit)*. *ABC Favorit* can look off centered in some cases, in order to counter this you can use top offset and bottom offset tokens exposed by Hopper.

Hopper components already compensate for this issue, when appropriate. You might need to do the same when *ABC Favorit* or *ABC Favorit Mono* is used in a boxed component not provided by Hopper. Boxed components are components that have a background color or a border.

> ```css title="off-centered-text.css"

Reviewer: added a comment on slack

<TypographyTable type="accent" data={tokens.semantic} />

> `*` These value are meant to be used in tandem, they have been meticously crafted to trim unwanted blank space in the *ABC Favorit* typeface, and it's *Mono* variant. They have been generated using [Eight Shape tool](https://text-crop.eightshapes.com/) and adjusted to fit our needs. You can see how and when to use them in the [Typefaces](#typefaces) section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`*` These value are meant to be used in tandem. They have been meticulously crafted to trim unwanted blank space in the *ABC Favorit* typeface and its *Mono* variant. They have been generated using [Eight Shape tool](https://text-crop.eightshapes.com/) and adjusted to fit our needs. You can see how and when to use them in the [Typefaces](#typefaces) section.
```
